README.md, before:

# Basic CSS example

Next.js has built-in support for [CSS Modules](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support#adding-component-level-css) allowing you to write scoped CSS by automatically creating a unique class name. CSS Module files can be imported anywhere in your application and you don't have to worry about collisions.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/basic-css)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/basic-css&project-name=basic-css&repository-name=basic-css)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example basic-css basic-css-app
```

```bash
yarn create next-app --example basic-css basic-css-app
```

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example basic-css basic-css-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

Reset content to only files copied form example

README.md, after:

# Hello World example

This example shows the most basic idea behind Next. We have 2 pages: `pages/index.tsx` and `pages/about.tsx`. The former responds to `/` requests and the latter to `/about`. Using `next/link` you can add hyperlinks between them with universal routing capabilities. The `day` directory shows that you can have subdirectories.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/hello-world)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/hello-world&project-name=hello-world&repository-name=hello-world)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example hello-world hello-world-app
```

```bash
yarn create next-app --example hello-world hello-world-app
```

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example hello-world hello-world-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).
